Two versions: old vs. new supplement
Sample: We test people who take new supplement and how many hours they get of sleep while we test 
the others who take the old supplement and how many hours they sleep.
Hypothesis: We anticipate those people who take the new supplement to improve in their sleep.
Outcome: Will people's brains get affected by taking the new supplement?
Other measured variables: The people's characteristics in this old vs. new experiment
are gender, age, height, health problems, etc. People who take the new supplement sleep better at night.
Therefore, we will promote the new supplement for new customers who want to sleep better.

Two versions: old vs. new uniforms
A sample: The number of gym memberships before and after new uniform.
Hypothesis: We anticipate the new uniform will improve gym memberships and business.
Outcome: On a daily basis, has the number of people attending the gym improved after the new uniform?
Other measured variables: The people's characteristics in this old vs. new uniforms experiment
are gender, age, etc. Because of the new uniform, gym membership has improved. Therefore, we know
that business has improved for the gym.

Two versions: old vs. new homepage
A sample: The number of customers who purchased during the old and new homepage.
Hypothesis: We anticipate the new homepage will improve in business.
Outcome: Will the new homepage bring in more new customers?
Other measured variables: The people's characteristics in this old vs. new homepage experiment
are gender, age, etc. The number of customers purchasing after the new homepage have improved. 
Therefore, the business has improved for the online exotic pet rentals because of the new homepage.

Two versions: 'please read' vs. non-'please read'
A sample: Group of internet users who received emails that involved "please read" and other group of users
not receiving in the form of "please read" in the subject line.
Hypothesis: We anticipate the subject line involving "Please Read" will cause internet users to click their e-mails.
Outcome: How many more clicks are involved after the subject line has "Please Read"?
Other measured variables: The people's characteristics in this 'please read' vs. non-'please read'
experiment are gender, age, etc.
Internet users click more for the subject line e-mails of 'please read'. Therefore,
adding 'please read' will improve in clicks. We should promote adding 'please read' for future e-mails
in the subject line.
